(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALARM BLARING)
WOMAN: Stop him! He's stolen
the pulse regulator!
You tawdry technological
twits should be honored
that Lex Luthor
deemed your prototype
decent enough to steal!
So long, dummies! (LAUGHS)
Those fools had no clue
what they had in their hands.
A quantum battery.
Exactly what I need
to intensify my own device.
Once I connect it
to my Kryptonite
radiation emitter,
I'll have everything I need
to destroy Superman. (LAUGHS)
I don't think so, Luthor.
End of the line.
For one of us, Superman.
(GUN CHARGING)
(CRACKLING)
You're going to have to do
better than that, Luthor.
Impossible!
My calculations were perfect!
(BUZZING)
-(SUPERMAN EXCLAIMING)
-(CRACKLING)
That's unexpected.
Maybe I didn't carry the one.
(CHUCKLES)
BOTH: You're coming
with me, Luthor.
(LAUGHS) Er, no.
(GRUNTING)
Calm down, friend.
We have to stop Luthor,
but we don't have to be mean.
Get out of my way, impostor.
Whoa!
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
We clearly got off
on the wrong foot.
Then try this one.
Now where were we?
(GRUNTS)
I must be more brilliant
than even I suspected.
-(GRUNTS)
-Hey, friend.
Let's talk this out.
I can brew some tea.
(GRUNTS)
This show is so good,
I should have brought popcorn.
Violence never
solves anything!
(GRUNTS)
Hey, Lex.
Your suit looks like
it could use a tune-up.
-Back away, Wonder Woman.
-(GUN CHARGING)
Even I don't know what
my emitter might do to you.
-(CRACKLING)
-(EXCLAIMING)
Fascinating.
Apparently, mutated Kryptonite
affects humans, as well.
Please surrender, or I'll...
ask you a second time.
Disgusting.
I'll show you how a warrior
seizes her victory.
Careful, sister.
I don't wanna hurt you.
Well, that makes one of us.
(GRUNTING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(MOANS)
-Wonder Woman. Ha!
-(GROANS)
Yeah, I wonder how anyone
could be so gullible.
No. We take this, and deal
with the others later.
(GROANS)
Please allow us to escort you
to a lovely prison cell.
Let me get this straight.
Bad red versions of both
of them knocked you around,
then flew off with
a faulty radiation emitter?
Faulty? My device
exceeded expectations!
Your red opposites
have half your powers
and all your aggression.
Good luck beating them
with these bluebells.
I brought you
some spare blankets.
These cells can get drafty.
I like the way
you're thinking, Wonder Woman.
We may have some of Flash's
turkey meatloaf left over
from our League pot-luck.
I'll heat some up
for our guest.
Guest? (STAMMERS)
Maybe we should
check in with Batman.
Before someone decides
to redecorate Luthor's cell.
My primary concern is
where they took that emitter,
and what they plan
to do with it.
If we found them,
we could ask them.
Told ya. They've taken good
to a whole new level.
A weird one.
The emitter has
a unique Kryptonite
radiation signature.
I should be able to track it
with our satellite.
Well, that's clever thinking.
Let's give Batman
three cheers.
-Please don't.
-BOTH: Hip, hip, hooray!
-Hip, hip, hooray!
-(COMPUTER BEEPS)
Found it. They're hiding
in one of Luthor's
abandoned labs.
-Let's go.
-Hip, hip, hooray!
We'd be only
too happy to help.
Yeah, we got this.
Maybe you two could keep
cheering or something.
It is pretty fun.
BOTH: Hip, hip, hooray!
Hip, hip, hooray!
RED WONDER WOMAN: I say
we cause an emergency so big,
it draws the entire
Justice League.
Then we make duplicates of
all of them at the same time.
Free our red brethren
from their blue shackles.
They probably
already told the Bat.
It won't be that simple.
That's right. It won't.
They found us.
Take them down, fast.
-I'll grind them into paste.
-(RED SUPERMAN COUGHING)
And here I thought I'd like
a bad Wonder Woman.
(GRUNTS)
Ah!
-(GRUNTS)
-Arrow!
(GRUNTS)
-(EXCLAIMING)
-(CRACKLING)
Finally.
It took you long enough.
Time for some...
exercise.
-(KNUCKLES CRACKING)
-(CHUCKLES)
(GRUNTS)
Batman, I have nothing
but the utmost respect
for your skills.
Let's talk this out.
(GRUNTS)
Should we help him?
Wait. I wanna see this.
(GRUNTING)
All right. Truce.
Really? You mean it?
Of course.
Great. In that case,
we can... (GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
We should dig out the archer
and give him a blast, as well.
You're thinking too small.
If we connect the emitter
to the Watchtower,
and beam the signal
through our satellites
around the world,
we can split everyone at once,
including the entire League.
The reds
will conquer the blues,
and then we'll be in control.
That's not a bad idea,
for a man in a red Batsuit.
Come on.
(GROANS)
Batman, we have to
warn the others.
(GROANS)
Just 10 more minutes, Alfred.
I was having the
most fascinating dream.
Come on, you got to wake up.
Snap out of it, Bats.
I'm back. Let's move.
Now there's the Batman
I know and fear.
I hope.
(TYPING)
We're connected, but we're
running low on power.
We'll only get
one shot at this.
BLUE BATMAN: What a mess!
Come on! Element of surprise,
remember...
We talked about this.
Do the right thing.
Give yourselves up.
We'll forgive you.
I'm only going to
say this once.
Please.
And bull's-eye.
Get that emitter.
-Uh, uh-oh.
-You should run.
(EXCLAIMING)
(GROANS)
Don't!
The battery won't have
enough energy to beam
through the satellite.
(BLUE LEX GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
Perhaps I can be
of some assistance.
-(WHIRRING)
-There.
I've wired the emitter
to the Watchtower's
power core,
solving the battery issue.
With a flip of this switch,
all the Leaguers
around the world
will be split in two.
May the worst hero win.
My sentiments exactly.
(LAUGHS)
I knew I liked you, Lex.
Yeah, man.
I look dreadful in red.
I'm just letting you know.
(BEEPS)
(WHIRRING)
(WEAPON COCKING)
(WEAPONS COCKING)
Fool! You're targeting us!
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
I apologize for my
distasteful subterfuge,
but it was the most
expedient solution.
(ALL GROANING)
(BOTH YELLING)
I've gotta say,
I did not see that coming.
Wait, wait, wait.
What just happened?
How is red Luthor good?
The blues contained
our true natures,
while the red
was an aberration.
In Luthor's case,
blue Luthor contained
the true nature
of evil, while...
I was the aberration.
A good Luthor.
Hold up. You whacked
the other guy with a chair.
(MOANS)
Now, how is that good?
It was the only way
I could see to help everyone.
Believe me, it hurt me
more than it did him.
(WHIRRING)
Well, not so fast.
A good Luthor
could be great for the world.
This is not the way
it was meant to be.
Great heroes
make great sacrifices.
This is mine.
-(YELLING)
-(CRACKLING)
Betrayed and beaten
by the one person
I always thought
I could trust.
Me.
I always knew you had
a good side, Luthor.
But I never figured it would
be your smartest side.
Meh, meh, meh, meh,
meh, meh, meh.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)